README.md, before:

# 05 Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler

Create a simple calendar application that allows the user to save events for each hour of the day. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

You'll need to use the [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) library to work with date and time. Be sure to read the documentation carefully and concentrate on using Moment.js in the browser.

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![day planner demo](./Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

adding in retrieval for each id of text saved, set a function to incorporate moment js to colourcode text area for past present future and wrapped in a interval to refresh automatically

README.md, after:

# The Work Day Scheduler

For this application, the user has requested for a calender type application specifically for work hours. The work day scheduler will indicate whether the time slot is in the past, present or future and also allows the user to save the tasks that they have put in so that they remain even after refreshing the page. 


## Functionality

- The planner will allow the user to see the date at the top (refer to image below)
- The planner has working hours of 8am - 5pm for the user to input text for tasks 
- when a user clicks on a time block, they are able to input text for tasks they have planned
- When the user clicks the 'lock' button, the text area is saved (whether after adding text or removing it) so that it even shows after refreshing the page
- When text area will be colour coded to indicate whether the time slot is in the past (grey), in the future (green) or within the current hour (yellow)
- This will update automatically if the user leaves the page open

Access the quiz here:[Workday Scheduler URL](https://christofulee.github.io/chris-homework-W4/)


## Image example of the work day scheduler
![day planner exapmle](./Assets/Window.png)

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository. Give the repository a unique name and include a README describing the project.

- - -
© 2019 Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand. All Rights Reserved.
